Link : https://www.meetup.com/BangaloreOpenJUG/events/238056293/

Agenda (Copied as it is from Meetup website) 

March 25 · 10:30 AM
OJ001, Oracle, Valence building, prestige tech park.
Is Java Startup Friendly? Can the Oracle Accelerator ensure Java Startups’ success?



Talk 1:

Name : Dinesh Bhatt 
Company : Syncogni Consulting 
Topic : Service Orchestration using RxJava 
Duration : 1 Hour 
Agenda : 
 What is Reactive Programming? 
 What are the libraries / frameworks available out there for reactive programming? 
 What is RxJava? 
 “Hello World” using RxJava 
 How to use RxJava in real world applications? 
 Building a Twitter Sentiment Analytics App using RxJava 
 How to build Service Orchestration Layer using RxJava? 
Prerequisites / Audience is expected to be aware of : 
 Core Java 
 Lambda Expressions 
 Method references 
 Functional Programming 
 Web - application development using JEE/Spring 

- SNACKS BREAK -



TALK 2 -

Topic : Is Java Startup Friendly? Can the Oracle Accelerator ensure Java Startups’ success? 

Speaker Bio: Harshad Oak, Director- Oracle Startup Cloud Accelerator and is based out of Bangalore, India. Prior to Oracle, for 14 years he was an entrepreneur who ran a software projects business and created a reputed tech content and conference brand, IndicThreads. He worked with Cognizant and i-flex prior to turning entrepreneur.

He is the author of several articles and the books 1) Java EE Applications On Oracle Java Cloud  2) Oracle JDeveloper  3) Pro Jakarta Commons 4) Coauthor J2EE 1.4 Bible.

He has spoken at conferences in several countries and been a visiting lecturer on Java EE at reputed institutions.

For his contributions to technology and the community, he was recognized as an Oracle ACE Director and a Java Champion.

Agenda: Java has been at the forefront of software product development for decades. While Java continues to dominate the enterprise space, it faces stiff competition in the small, midsized and startups’ space. We will begin by discussing Java’s relevance to startups. We will next look at what Oracle’s startup initiative, the Oracle Startup Cloud Accelerator (OSCA) has to offer and why it’s especially relevant to Java startups.

We will take a quick look at what’s happening with the group that’s being nurtured at the Bangalore accelerator and what’s lined up for OSCA in India and worldwide.

Although OSCA would be great for Java startups, the challenge is that only a tiny fraction of the applicants make it into the accelerator. We will discuss the selection process and how startups need to prepare and package their applications to have a greater chance of getting selected. We will also talk of how startups should approach and leverage accelerators once they get in.

I will share specifics of the free Oracle Cloud available to startups and answer FAQs including the most common one “What’s in it for Oracle?”

Duration: 45 minutes



TALK 3 - 

Name : Gaurav Gupta

Topic : Rapid Development Tools for Java EE

Agenda : This session will cover : JPA, REST, Docker, Arquillian, Angular 2.x etc.


Reference : 

http://www.developermarch.com/developersummit/session.html?insert=Gaurav

